Update dependency-injection.md (#22722)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/dependency-injection.md

The logger output shows:

* *Transient* objects are always different. The transient `OperationId` value is different in the `IndexModel` and in the middleware.

> * *Scoped* objects are the same for each request but different across requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Scoped* objects are the same for a given request but differ across each new request.
```
